. Now, HTML is a markup language that we web developers can use to structure and describe the entire content of any 
  webpage. So notice how I said markup language because HTML is really not a programming language. It's a markup language
  because we use it to describe something.  And in the case of HTML, we do describe content using elements.

. Each and every page should only have one H1 heading. So only one primary heading. That is very important to keep in 
  mind. This is not really mandatory, so it doesn't violate any HTML rules if we have multiple H1s, but it is a very 
  good practice to always just have one of them. Now, about all the other ones, we can have of course, multiple of them.

. Now, however, the use of B is actually not a good practice. So B is actually an older HTML element. And starting in 
  HTML5, we should always use the strong element instead of B. The reason for that is that B doesn't have any so-called 
  semantic meaning, But essentially what this means is that B is simply an element, but without a specific meaning. 
  While on the other hand, the strong element means that this is really an important element that we want to stand out 
  from the page.

. attributes are basically pieces of data which we can use to describe elements. So there are lots of different 
  attributes in HTML, and one of them is the source attribute.

. So in HTML, when we talk about semantics, what we mean is that certain elements have actually a meaning or a purpose 
  attached to them. So when we think about a certain HTML element, we should actually not think about what that element 
  looks like as it's rendered on the page but instead, we should think about what that element actually means and what 
  it stands for. Now, not all elements in HTML are semantic.

  Now, you might ask why we actually do that and there are multiple reasons. And I think I mentioned them already 
  actually. So one of them is search engine optimization, which basically means that search engines, such as Google will 
  be able to understand the structure of your content, and therefore, they will be better able to analyze what your 
  content and what your webpage is all about.

  Also, writing semantic HTML is extremely important for accessibility, and especially for people who rely on screen 
  readers to consume our webpages.

. aside element is usually used for some secondary information that complements the information in the main part of the 
  page.